[#224][mezzio-toggle] Update Mezzio package documentation (#265)
pheature-flags/pheature-flags: docs/getting-started/laminas-and-mezzio-package.md

### Installation guide

Install it using [composer package manager](https://getcomposer.org/download/) in a working Laminas / Mezzio application.

```bash
composer require pheature/mezzio-toggle
```

```php
# config/config.php
$aggregator = new ConfigAggregator([
    // ...
    \Pheature\Community\Mezzio\ToggleConfigProvider::class,
    // ...
```

> Once we have the bundle installed in our project, we need to choose one of the available storage drivers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have the package installed in our project, we need to choose one of the available storage drivers:
```

Author: Good catch! done!

```php
# config/autoload/pheature-flags.global.php
return [
    // ...
    'pheature_flags' => [
        'driver' => 'dbal',
    ],
    // ...
];
```

To initiate database schema, run the following command:

```bash
bin/console pheature:dbal:init-toggle
```

We can insert the following sample features into the database:

```sql
INSERT INTO `pheature_toggles` (
    feature_id, name, enabled, strategies, created_at
) VALUES (
   'feature','feature',0,'[]', NOW()
),(
   'show_contact_info','show_contact_info',1,'[{\"segments\": [{\"criteria\": {\"location\": \"barcelona\"}, \"segment_id\": \"barcelona\", \"segment_type\": \"strict_matching_segment\"}], \"strategy_id\": \"enable_for_location\", \"strategy_type\": \"enable_by_matching_segment\"}]', NOW()
),(
   'show_home_dynamic_catalog','show_home_dynamic_catalog',1,'[{\"segments\": [{\"criteria\": [{\"role\": \"developer\"}], \"segment_id\": \"developer_role\", \"segment_type\": \"strict_matching_segment\"}], \"strategy_id\": \"rollout_for_developers\", \"strategy_type\": \"enable_by_matching_segment\"}]', NOW()
);
```

> [pheature/dbal-toggle](/packages/dbal-toggle)

#### Usage

<span id="inmemory_driver_usage"></span>

> In this example, we are using a Mezzio Controller, assuming that we already have a Security layer to our controller (*). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we are using a PSR-15 Request Handler, assuming that we already have a Security layer to our controller (*). 
```

Author: Nice renaming 👏🏽 , done!!
